hi chef Schaefer oh the depot in
downtown Torrance today we're going to
make a grilled cheese sandwich the best
grilled cheese sandwich you're ever
going to have my three sons live on
these things and I'm going to tell you
how to do it today we're gonna make some
grilled cheese sandwiches the best
grilled cheese how do you make it you
have to start off with good quality
sourdough bread find a place in your
town where you can get some good bread
we need good cheese okay not that from
under cheese some good real cheese and
seasoning everything tastes better once
it's seasoned with salt and pepper so
let's go over to the griddle and we'll
make one come on now let's make the
grilled cheese sandwich okay we got our
bread we've got a griddle nice and hot
we preheat the griddle to make sure that
it's hot everybody freeze their oven to
350 degrees for the Betty Crocker
brownie mix but you got to pre-heat your
griddle too because if it's not hot
enough the right temperature you're not
going to be making even grilled cheese
sandwich get your meson claws together
music blows means emboss is a French
culinary serve for everything in its
place you're going to hear me talk about
that in another show on the griddle
put a little bit of oil down there this
is vegetable oil next you take the bread
and you brush one side with a little bit
of bottom okay I'm going to go down
first
you suppose yourself a coarse ground
black pepper
and you put it down
next we're going to put a little oil on
the other side of the bread to season
the bread again so we have now what will
be on the outside of the bread also sees
it you want to post both sides of the
bread
this way the bread is crunchy on the
outside and crunchy on the inside so
we've got a red there and we're going to
check to make sure that it's getting
nice and beautiful look at that flip it
on over now we start with the cheese
make sure you coat the entire piece of
bread with the cheese and if you use any
kind of cheese you want jalapeno Jack
smoked gouda up even three organs OVA or
blend of cheeses a little bit of
everything this is my kids favorite like
I was telling you and so we use chatters
then we wait
ah
and let it sit and continue grilling
you're going to flip it a couple more
times just to make sure that cheese gets
melted okay okay we got our sandwich
ready bring it over to the cutting board
dancing
helmut crunchy celery
to folks who
you
hold on
we use this stuff
but it Matt Matt is back this one season
perfect
Brian go we have a clear-cut yeah what
happens will barely mister
I don't record audio
well it's not like we did multiple takes
or anything right
is that okay Michael you know I am so
I'm writing her up right now that's it
you know this is he
this is a report this is an official
report it's pasta
as writing template
no it's a meson placeless for tomorrow's
bus trip Oh